Adding skills on LinkedIn is another great way to help showcase the work that you do and the work that
you think will serve your clients best.
The nice thing about the skills section is that under the plus sign, you can add as many skills as
you want to, which I love.
They will suggest, or LinkedIn will pull some of the verbiage that you've written on your profile,
and they'll suggest some of these things.
So yes, if you see skills that they're listing, like, yeah, you're like, I do social media management,
I do content strategy, I do LinkedIn advertising, whatever.
If you don't see something, add it here.
Once you start typing in a field, it will auto populate with some of the more common skills.
And once you're done, simply hit save, and you might notice some numbers next to skills like research.
This just simply means that thirty nine other people that I've interacted with on LinkedIn have endorsed
me for this skill.
That means they've come to my profile.
They've looked at my skills and they've given me a little like plus one next to certain skills that
I've either worked with them on or that they know I can do well.
So endorsing skills is just another way for people to come see your profile.
And you know, if a client were looking at my profile, as is now, they'll get a really good sense
that I do a lot of social media, management, marketing, event planning, and then I have some experience
in the entertainment industry.
So Skillz is a pretty good one.
Again, it's just another way for you to be able to communicate to potential clients your skills and
what you can do without actually telling them.
So I like the skill section a lot too, but the real benefit I think of having a skill section is the
skills assessment quiz.
So the skills quiz used to be called assessment testing on LinkedIn, and we are going to take one together.
Now I will tell you that the skills quizzes are pretty limited.
In fact, there's not a ton of overlap for virtual assistants.
A lot of it tends to be pretty specific, like you'll see here HTML the fundamentals all about coding
programming languages.
But there are certainly a few that I think we could take as virtual assistants.
So if you are familiar with working with PowerPoint Excel Outlook, then these might be skill quizzes
that you would like to test.
Same here.
If you're really handy at design, if you are a graphics virtual assistant, then Illustrator and Photoshop
might be the thing that you want to look at.
You can also search for your own quizzes, but again, the things that we do as virtual assistants don't
come up that often.
So I'm just thinking off the top of my head.
There's no research.
There's definitely no email management.
There's probably no calendar.
Nope, no travel.
No.
So the skills assessment, I think it's good if you want to take one of these because at least you can
showcase that you've got the basics down like at a fundamental level.
Clients want to know that you know how to use Word, Excel, Microsoft, PowerPoint, and so you might
want to take one of these when you find a subject that you want to take and you click on it, you'll
see that you have 15 questions, so they're pretty short.
It actually should take you if you take the full one and a half minutes per question will take you about
15 minutes.
That's nuts, not method.
All math is not my strong suit.
But anyway, it'll take you just a few moments.
And obviously, if you know the answer, it'll take you even faster.
You can look at a question for seconds and answer it and then hear.
It clearly indicates that the top 30 percent so you basically need a passing grade in order for the
skills assessment to show up on your profile.
What I would like you to do right now is take a skills assessment test.
In fact, the next part of this course is an assignment, and it is to pick and take a skills assessment
test.
It doesn't even matter if you don't pass it.
I just want you to get used to this thing.
And if, for example, you take these skills assessment test for word and you're thinking to yourself,
I use word documents all the time.
You take the quiz and then you fail.
It's actually a good indication that you might want to brush up on some of the features that they're
asking you about.
So I'm going to take a quiz real quick, and when I'm done, I'm going to show you what it looks like
on your profile.
Here we go.
You can hold them.
So I'm in the top five percent, which basically means I passed, and if I wanted to, I could show
the badge.
Oops.
Well, actually.
OK.
Yes, I do want to show the badge.
Great.
And then I'm going to scroll down and hit them.
So now that I've taken the quiz and I've passed them back on my profile and I want to see this bad boy.
Something I should have noted earlier is that if you take a quiz, it has to be related to a skill that's
already on your profile.
So when I scroll down, Ellington automatically adds the past the skill assessment underneath a skill
point Microsoft PowerPoint.
So if you've taken a quiz from Microsoft Word or Excel, you will want to come up here and add Excel.
If I could spell that.
Boom.
And then once that is added to your profile, you take the assessment quiz.
If you've passed, then if you've passed, then LinkedIn will automatically give you a badge next to
your name.
And again, this just adds something else I've mentioned again and again.
It adds trust and transparency because again, you could tell your client that you are an absolute pro
at PowerPoint.
You could be lying.
You could have never touched PowerPoint in your life.
So your client doesn't know whether to trust you or not.
So if you say it back, your words up with a little bit extra in the skills assessment test is a great
place to start.
So your homework and the next section is to choose a skills assessment test and remember if you want
or if you don't already have the section, you're going to have to add a skills section.
Initially, you're going to add skills that you want to showcase, and then you're going to take a script
squeals quiz skills quiz.
I wish you luck.
I think your quiz will take you about 10 to 15 minutes.
Make sure if you don't pass it the first time, don't fret it's no big deal.
You can actually retake it again.
You get two chances to try a skills quiz per topic.
So if you take two Excel quizzes and you fail, don't worry it won't show up on your profile.
Like, Oh, this person failed and they don't know what you're talking about.
I just won't show up at all.
And it's another indicator that maybe you should brush up on your Excel, Quit, Excel skills.
Oh my god, so many letters on say, Good luck you got this.
I'm very excited to see what quizzes you take.